# DetailHost


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**composite_status** | **str** | Composite Status of this Host (&#x60;online&#x60;, &#x60;degraded&#x60;, &#x60;error&#x60;, &#x60;offline&#x60;, &#x60;pending&#x60;, &#x60;awaiting approval&#x60;). | [optional] 
**configs** | [**List[DetailHostServiceConfig]**](DetailHostServiceConfig.md) | The list of Host-specific configurations for each Service deployed on this Host. | [optional] 
**connectivity_monitor** | **object** |  | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp of creation of Host. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the Host. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | The name of the Host. | [optional] 
**host_subtype** | **str** | The sub-type of a specific Host type.  Example: For Host type BloxOne Appliance, sub-type could be \&quot;B105\&quot; or \&quot;VEP1425\&quot; | [optional] 
**host_type** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**host_version** | **str** | The version of the Host platform services. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The resource identifier. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ip_address** | **str** | The IP address of the Host. | [optional] 
**ip_space** | **str** | The IP Space of the Host. | [optional] 
**legacy_id** | **str** | The legacy Host object identifier. | [optional] 
**location** | [**DetailLocation**](DetailLocation.md) | Location that this Host is associated with. | [optional] 
**mac_address** | **str** | The MAC address of the Host. | [optional] 
**maintenance_mode** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**nat_ip** | **str** | The NAT IP address of the Host. | [optional] 
**ophid** | **str** | The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud. | [optional] 
**pool** | [**PoolInfo**](PoolInfo.md) | Pool information for this Host (internal). | [optional] 
**serial_number** | **str** | The unique serial number of the Host. | [optional] 
**services** | [**List[DetailHostServiceConfig]**](DetailHostServiceConfig.md) | The list of Services deployed on this Host. | [optional] 
**site_id** | **str** | The Site ID of the Host. | [optional] 
**tags** | **object** | Tags associated with this Host. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The timezone of the Host. | [optional] 
**updated_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp of the latest update on Host. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from infra_mgmt.models.detail_host import DetailHost

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of DetailHost from a JSON string
detail_host_instance = DetailHost.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(DetailHost.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
detail_host_dict = detail_host_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of DetailHost from a dict
detail_host_from_dict = DetailHost.from_dict(detail_host_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


