# Host

Infrastructure Service

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**configs** | [**List[ServiceHostConfig]**](ServiceHostConfig.md) | The list of Host-specific configurations for each Service deployed on this Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**connectivity_monitor** | **object** | Represents the connectivity monitor properties of a Host, to enable/disable connectivity monitoring for redundant network interfaces.  The \&quot;endpoint_type\&quot; is: - &#x60;\&quot;csp\&quot;&#x60; for enabling monitoring - &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60; for disabling monitoring (default)  Note: Currently, all fields except \&quot;endpoint_type\&quot; are read-only, and will be overridden to default values in case they are edited.  Example: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; {   \&quot;connectivity_monitor\&quot;: {     \&quot;cost\&quot;:1000000,     \&quot;endpoint_type\&quot;:\&quot;csp\&quot;,     \&quot;endpoint\&quot;:\&quot;http://csp.infoblox.com\&quot;,     \&quot;interval\&quot;:15,     \&quot;failure_threshold\&quot;:1,     \&quot;success_threshold\&quot;:2   } } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp of creation of Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**created_by** | **str** | The creator of the Host (internal use only). | [optional] [readonly] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the Host (optional). | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | The name of the Host (unique). | 
**host_subtype** | **str** | The sub-type of a specific Host type.  Example: For Host type NIOS-X Appliance, sub-type could be \&quot;B105\&quot; or \&quot;VEP1425\&quot; | [optional] [readonly] 
**host_type** | **str** | The type of Host.  Should be one of: 1. NIOS , 2. NIOS HA, 3. NIOS-X VM , 4. NIOS-X Appliance, 5. NIOS-X Container, 6. CNIOS | [optional] [readonly] 
**host_version** | **str** | The version of the Host platform services. | [optional] [readonly] 
**id** | **str** | The resource identifier. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ip_address** | **str** | The IP address of the Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ip_space** | **str** | The IP Space of the Host. | [optional] 
**legacy_id** | **str** | The legacy Host object identifier. | [optional] [readonly] 
**location_id** | **str** | The resource identifier. | [optional] 
**mac_address** | **str** | The MAC address of the Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**maintenance_mode** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**nat_ip** | **str** | The NAT IP address of the Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**noa_cluster** | **str** | The CSP cluster identifier (internal use only). | [optional] [readonly] 
**ophid** | **str** | The unique On-Prem Host ID generated by the On-Prem device and assigned to the Host once it is registered and logged into the Infoblox Cloud. | [optional] [readonly] 
**pool_id** | **str** | The resource identifier. | [optional] 
**serial_number** | **str** | The unique serial number of the Host. | [optional] 
**tags** | **object** | Tags associated with this Host. | [optional] 
**timezone** | **str** | The timezone of the Host. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updated_at** | **datetime** | The timestamp of the latest update on Host. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from infra_mgmt.models.host import Host

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Host from a JSON string
host_instance = Host.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Host.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
host_dict = host_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Host from a dict
host_from_dict = Host.from_dict(host_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


