# dfp
Infoblox Cloud is a SaaS offering designed to provide protection to devices on and off-premises, including roaming, remote, and branch offices. It provides visibility into infected and compromised devices, prevents DNS-based data exfiltration, and automatically stops device communications with command-and-control servers (C&Cs) and botnets, in addition to providing recursive DNS services in the cloud. You can access the services by deploying the Infoblox Endpoint agent or the DNS forwarding proxy.  For remote office deployments or in cases where installing an endpoint agent is not desirable or possible, you can use the DNS forwarding proxy. It is a software that runs on bare-metal, VM infrastructures, or Infoblox NIOS appliances; and it embeds the client IPs in DNS queries before forwarding them to Infoblox Cloud. The communications are encrypted and client visibility is maintained. The proxy also provides DNS resolution to local DNS zones when you configure local resolvers. Once you set up a DNS forwarding proxy, it becomes the main DNS server for your remote site. It will also cache responses to speed resolution of future queries.  By implementing the DNS forwarding proxy, you can rest assured that Infoblox Cloud effectively enforces DNS client-based security policies at your remote sites. On-premises devices that send DNS queries reveal their actual client IP addresses (instead of their NAT IP address), which allows Infoblox Cloud to apply the security policies applicable to the respective endpoints and identify infected clients. 

The `dfp` package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.5.0
- Build package: com.infoblox.codegen.UniversalDdiPythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage

This python library package is generated without supporting files like setup.py or requirements files

To be able to use it, you will need these dependencies in your own package that uses this library:

* urllib3 >= 1.25.3
* python-dateutil
* pydantic

## Getting Started

In your own code, to use this library to connect and interact with dfp,
you can run the following:

```python

import dfp
from dfp.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the Portal URL is optional and defaults to "https://csp.infoblox.com"
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = Configuration(
    csp_url = os.getenv('INFOBLOX_PORTAL_URL'),
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with dfp.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = dfp.AccountsApi(api_client)
    body = dfp.TypesConfigCheckRequest() # TypesConfigCheckRequest | 

    try:
        # Check Config.
        api_response = api_instance.check_config(body)
        print("The response of AccountsApi->check_config:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling AccountsApi->check_config: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://csp.infoblox.com/api/atcdfp/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountsApi* | [**check_config**](dfp/docs/AccountsApi.md#check_config) | **POST** /config/check | Check Config.
*InfraServicesApi* | [**create_or_update_dfp_service**](dfp/docs/InfraServicesApi.md#create_or_update_dfp_service) | **PUT** /dfp_services/{payload.service_id} | Update DNS Forwarding Proxy services.
*InfraServicesApi* | [**list_dfp_services**](dfp/docs/InfraServicesApi.md#list_dfp_services) | **GET** /dfp_services | List DNS Forwarding Proxy services.
*InfraServicesApi* | [**read_dfp_service**](dfp/docs/InfraServicesApi.md#read_dfp_service) | **GET** /dfp_services/{service_id} | Read DNS Forwarding Proxy services.


## Documentation For Models

 - [DNSProtocol](dfp/docs/DNSProtocol.md)
 - [Dfp](dfp/docs/Dfp.md)
 - [DfpCreateOrUpdatePayload](dfp/docs/DfpCreateOrUpdatePayload.md)
 - [DfpCreateOrUpdateResponse](dfp/docs/DfpCreateOrUpdateResponse.md)
 - [DfpHost](dfp/docs/DfpHost.md)
 - [DfpListResponse](dfp/docs/DfpListResponse.md)
 - [DfpReadResponse](dfp/docs/DfpReadResponse.md)
 - [InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService400Response](dfp/docs/InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService400Response.md)
 - [InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService400ResponseError](dfp/docs/InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService400ResponseError.md)
 - [InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService404Response](dfp/docs/InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService404Response.md)
 - [InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService404ResponseError](dfp/docs/InfraServicesCreateOrUpdateDfpService404ResponseError.md)
 - [InfraServicesListDfpServices500Response](dfp/docs/InfraServicesListDfpServices500Response.md)
 - [InfraServicesListDfpServices500ResponseError](dfp/docs/InfraServicesListDfpServices500ResponseError.md)
 - [NetAddrPolicyAssignment](dfp/docs/NetAddrPolicyAssignment.md)
 - [Resolver](dfp/docs/Resolver.md)
 - [TypesConfigCheckRequest](dfp/docs/TypesConfigCheckRequest.md)
 - [TypesConfigCheckResponse](dfp/docs/TypesConfigCheckResponse.md)
 - [TypesConfigCheckResult](dfp/docs/TypesConfigCheckResult.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




